Review PR: BXMSDOC-7444 Changed instances of seconds to milliseconds per dev confirmation (#188)
michelehaglund/kie-docs: doc-content/jbpm-docs/src/main/asciidoc/BPMN2/appe-service-tasks.adoc

The data you want to send. This attribute is mandatory for POST and PUT requests. This is an optional parameter. If you want to use it, map it as a data input variable in the *Data I/O* dialogue of the task.

ConnectTimeout::

> The connection timeout. The default value is 60000 milliseconds/60 seconds. The input value must be provided in milliseconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connection timeout. The default value is 60000 milliseconds or 60 seconds. You must provide the input value in milliseconds. 
```
Avoid forward or backward slashes in the content. For more about Slashes, check our new IBMSG page no 106.

ReadTimeout::

> The timeout on response. The default value is 60000 milliseconds/60 seconds. The input value must be provided in milliseconds.

Reviewer: The suggestion is the same as above.
